asobot
======

IRC bot that can pass commands to a game emulator.

#Description
Asobot is a simple and hacked way to pass keypresses generated by IRC chat commands to game emulators (or basically any aplication in an UNIX xwindows environment).
A better method would be some kind of python plugin or using a network interface, but this was quicker.
The package provides an IRC bot (asobot.py) that listens for commands. If the correct commands are heard, it passes them as key presses to a known game emulator.

#Commands and Syntax
Commands must begin with a colon(:) and may contain the following:
* u = Up (note lower case 'u')
* d = Down
* l = Left
* r = Right
* a = primary "a" button
* b = primary "b" button
* U = N64 yellow directional up (note UPPER CASE)
* D = N64 yellow directional down
* L = N64 yellow directional left
* R = N64 yellow directional right
* z = N64 central Z button
* 1 = left shoulder button
* 3 = right shoulder button
* 8, 2, 4, 6: secondary joystick (u, d, l, r)
* + = keydown only
* - = Keyup only

Note that the shoulder and joystick directions can be more easily remembered if one looks at eh numer keypad.


##examples:
Pressing Up, Up, Left, Left, Right, Right and "A" buttons in series:
```
:u u l l r r a
```
To press two or more buttons at the same time, remove the space between the commands. So the following are the 4 non cardinal directions (upper left, upper right, etc..):
```
: ul ur dl dr
```
which is equivalent to:
```
:lu ru ld rd
```
You can also mix in the `+` and `-` symbols to emulate pressing a key and HOLDING it or RELEASING it.
So the following presses right shoulder button and holds it
```
:3+
```
Following this, the same key could then be released (and SHOULD BE) by the following:
```
: 3-
```
The location of the `+` and `-` symbols do not matter. They are applied to the group they're in.

#TODO:
This is pretty clunky. What's needed is the following:
* A better way to queue commands to the emulator in a generic and nonblocking manner.
* A better api to pass keys (or network commands) to the emulator.
